welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain a japanese monster's
horror thriller film
called attack on titan the apoplectic
time is shown as the movie starts
it means that human-like monsters named
titans had destroyed the whole world
1000 years ago
being afraid human beings are surviving
behind their own made walls to save
themselves
and they were surviving with the hope
behind the wall that wall will shield
them if titans come
now the time had passed more than 100
years
and the people had started to forget the
existence of titans
now titan's history has only become the
part of book's written stories
which are used to create fear in the
kids the people living behind the wall
could not cross the wall in spite of
their will
being afraid of titans government had
forbidden even to go beside the wall
so the people agreed to live a hard life
the inner world of walls had been
divided into three parts
the third part of area included peasants
who used to survive working in the farms
the second part was industrial where the
factories had been constructed
the first part of area was integral
where the aristocratic people were
holding the whole city
and no one was allowed to move from one
area to another
a boy named duran was brilliant living
in the third part of the area
being terrified he could not live like
the prisoners behind the walls
because he has a passion to do something
great it was his dream to explore the
outside world
he also shares his dream with his
friends because he was doubtful on the
existence of the titans
he used to think that people are hidden
here as being afraid from the titans
aaron's male friend is also brilliant
along with him
peasants were not allowed to conduct any
experiment
according to government it will be wrong
if anyone struggles to achieve his
success
there is a girl named mikasa herren and
mikasa used to like each other
she wanted to lead a comfortable life
with iren aaron's friend comes across a
stranger when he goes to meet her end
but he ignores him moren used to feel
fortunate as being the resident of that
place
because he could view the outside world
there was a bomb machine so this place
was his best love for this cause
being afraid people avoided to visit
here
now this time for ren intends to go
beyond the wall at any rate
and he makes his friends agree for this
there was the security of military
officers near the wall
but hiding from the eyes of military
they come nearer to the wall
but they are arrested before they move
ahead military leader secures them
because he had a soft corner for iren
and he was aware about the brilliancy of
iran and he had understanding of aaron's
passion
they are still conversing as such that
earth shakes
looking above the wall they are not
believing what is before their sight
at the first time they were facing a
great terror
he was monster titan who was bigger and
stronger than other titans
and such monsters are called giants it
is made of fire and taller than that
wall
at that time he was blowing fire
he begins to crack the wall using his
giant feet
those people are scared and shocked
there was a worst condition because of
the fire attack
leader commands a military officer to
attack with bombs
but that soldier stops him saying that
government has banned us to use these
explosives
making a big hole that giant monster
disappears swiftly
there is a calm before a storm at the
first sights
titans begin to come through that wall
hole
they were looking like human beings but
they were taller and stronger than human
beings
they smirk while looking at the human
beings as they are taking human beings
as their meal
that leader is succeeded to attack
titans exploding the bombs
but he did not know these titans are
everlasting and never be killed
and wounded sides of monsters begin to
recover naturally
as being in a large number titans
surround them
and human being was looking tiny before
them
and they were considering the human
beings like the insects which are
crushed under their feet
they are toys for playing moreover
human being were not less than barbecue
for them
because they were eating them while
griping military men are too afraid as
they prefer to commit suicide rather
than to be the meal of titans
they take their lives titans had spread
the disaster throughout the city
people begin to die either being crushed
in the commotion or being the victim of
titans
and those people find the only place to
secure their lives
that was the city big hall people start
entering there without caring for others
and saving their lives
and iren and mikasa also do the same for
their safety
mikasa catches the glimpses of a baby
with his mother
then she takes pity on them and she is
left outside while saving that baby
being pulled in the crowd paren leads to
the hall
and hall's door is shut parent struggles
to open the hall's door
but the people stop him of doing so
mikasa has caught that baby and a titan
is proceeding to her
being compelled moren cannot take a
single step
titan engulfs both mikasa and that baby
suddenly a silence prevails there
somehow
moren comes out of that hall forcefully
he notices the titans had surrounded the
hall where survivors had hidden
themselves
damaging the ceiling of hull titans
start eating the people
the stream of the people's blood flow as
they bleed fastly
being irritated by the circumstances he
moves ahead to the city
two years later it is shown that the
scene takes place in the part of the
industrial area
they were safe from the monster giants
attack because of their strong wall
and the survivors of the previous attack
also resided here
because titans were still in the third
part of peasant's area
being overpopulated that area suffers
the shortage of the food
people begin to die because of
starvation now the rest of the survivors
of the third part of the area had the
only way to survive
that way was to secure their area from
the titans
it means they can save their area while
facing the titans
military group is prepared to fight the
titans
they are given the hard training of two
years moren and his
friend also get training because they
wanted to take the revenge of mikasa
aaron considered himself reprehensive of
mikasa's death because he did not save
her
they were being led by a commander named
kuble commander kubal plans to go for
their operation in the darkness of the
night
their operation included the task to
block that big hole of the third part of
area with explosion
through which titans had entered they
will explode the upper side of hull
according to the plan
as a result the broken fragments of wall
will fall down
and the hole will be blocked through
them in spite of the explosion
titan will be unable to come from there
because of the strong wall
being victorious in this operation they
can end those titans
the explosion was their last hope either
they will lose their lives or take their
lives in this operation
the head informs the military force
about her newly made weapons
which may enable them to fly in the air
because they had got awareness the
titans can be killed while targeting
their neck
and those titans will never be revived
according to the plan
they leave for their operation in the
darkness of the night
but they sense something mysterious on
the way before reaching there
and they move to check what is wrong
they start walking when they think
everything is all right and it is just
the mooing of cows
then a lady hears the crying sound of a
baby she thinks that baby needs help as
being in danger
and she moves forward to check for
baby's health moren also follows her
finding that baby they come to know that
this baby is flesh and blood of titans
that monster baby tries to catch them
but falls down
he begins to weep bitterly falling down
all titans are awakened hearing his
sound and directing themselves there
and they surround them now they were
entrapped in great trouble
because self-obsessed commander kubal
had fled from there with armored
vehicles
leaving them in this trouble aaron's
friend is captured by the titans
but the other military officer rescues
him coming there
now they were surrounded inescapably by
the titans
suddenly the brilliant hunter of titan's
shikishima comes there
he almost had killed 10 to 15 titans
there was a bold female soldier named
mikasa with shikishima
yes she was alive both killed the titans
bravely
using their effective weapons after
killing the titans
they moved to their planned place hole
near the wall
but the shocking moment was this is
mikasa was not showing any affection
towards iran
because she just wanted to take her
revenge after that event
titan had swallowed mikasa but
shikishima taught him to fight with
titans after saving
he reveals a secret to prevent from
titans and says
attack titans with violation in action
and face them
he tells one more thing that fear is the
foe of human beings which compels them
to run not titan's then self-obsessed
commander kubal reaches there
he says fast killing weapons were not
found in our secret place that we were
going to use for operation
but they were in the tunnels i did not
want to lose those explosives
i had to go because there was a burglar
among us who could steal the weapons
they cannot bear the loss of fast
killing weapons
they begin to load the cannons but
titans hear these sounds
suddenly those titans swallow two
persons
they are all confused but lusty
commander was worried about the
explosives
and a thief robs their loaded vehicles
with the explosives
and a lady smashes the vehicle of
explosives from the thief in rage whose
husband had been swallowed by titans
she sets it on fire rather than to save
that explosive
and she crashes the vehicles at the
mid-place of titans in order to take her
husband's revenge
the titans remained safe instead of this
great explosion
but their last hope explosive had also
ended now
kuble also escapes leaving them in
trouble
and they had been entrapped badly among
the titans
moren was lost but he remembers the
words of fury of shikishima
he moves ahead losing the harness of his
anger and he succeeds to kill some of
the titans while facing titans
and he loses one of his legs fighting
with titans
a titan catches aaron's friend all fight
to save the life of aaron's friend
satittan may not swallow him
perren had completely lost the battle
he was disappointed as he is not helping
humanity in any way
but he again gets up encouraging himself
at the exact time he saves his friend
before titan makes him its meal
while saving him he also loses his one
of the hands
at last a titan swallows him parent
feels that he is digesting gradually
after being the part of titan's stomach
witnessing it mikasa loses her tolerance
and attacks titan
unfortunately mikasa's vehicle is
crashed because her vehicle's gear was
damaged
now mikasa was facing death before her
because the same titan was coming
towards her
suddenly titan feels something wrong in
its stomach
and a giant monster comes out tearing
its mouth
and an explosion produces a giant
monster
and that giant was ending the remaining
titans observing carefully
everyone knows that it is not anyone
else but aren
then he starts dying like the other
titans after weakening
then a commander who had knowledge of
aaron's brilliancy says something which
is not understandable by anyone
he says cut his nape no one understands
him but mikasa carries it out
and irene appears from there
the shocking thing is that his broken
leg and hand had reproduced now
all are left shocked seeing it
then shikishima smirks for nothing as he
already had knowledge that it is going
to happen
afterward a flashback is shown where
aaron's father was scientist
he injects arena serum for a cause and
commander was also with him
aaron's mother forbids them to do as
such but they reply that grown up iran
will perform a great role to save
humanity due to this vaccine
meanwhile a few government officers
knock at their door
and aaron's father hides iren and that
commander in a room
kuble was also among the government
officers
they get the news that aaron's father is
working on a secret experiment
and the peasants were banned to
experiment or invent anything
as a punishment aaron's parents are
arrested by the officers
and the notes of their experiments also
burned to fire along with it
this was the cause that commander used
to favor irene because of this trait
and he was also aware that irene has
become strongest one due to this serum
so he may save humanity
waking up oren finds himself captive by
kuble
it was also incredible for iren that he
had transformed into a giant monster
but he was proud thinking that he has a
trait that can perform a great role to
save the humanity against
titans but kuble has a threat from oren
so he captivates him
because it was his thought that human
beings have no need to conduct
experiments or invent anything
rather human beings should live behind
the walls in fear cowardly
kabul ends the commander while shooting
when he speaks out about aaron's favor
but that commander reveals a secret to
iren before his death
that kubl is the murderer of your
parents hearing it
haren and his companions turn themselves
against kubal
then a strong giant appears there while
jumping off
at first he catches iren after coming
there
all tried to stop it but he was removing
all on his way
it also tries to end aaron's friend but
is stopped by mikasa
it was looking as if it was perhaps
understanding the communication of
mikasa
and he leaves taking iren with him and
kubal loses his life in this battle
paren was not there so they were not
understanding what should they do
then aaron's friend remembers that they
still have an explosive
they can fulfill their operation using
it
they all move to the third part of area
to retrieve the bomb
beren wakes up in a big and awkward room
there was also shikishima with the other
things
here shikishima opens many secrets
these titans are made of human beings
and these are not made by another else
but aaron's father
they had made titans as the military
weapons but his experiment is flopped
it left the harmful effect as that virus
continued to spread throughout humanity
quickly
and human beings continued to transform
into titans speedily
and they spread the devastation
throughout the world
this chain will continue and never stop
and the most miserable thing is that
titans can survive without quenching
their appetite
it means they are immortal and only
aaron's father had the remedy to kill
them which ended at the death of him
there may be the solution to kill titans
if they are not banned by the government
and aaron's father selected his son
injecting serum
so he may help humanity and fight
against titans
and iren is immortal he can transform
into the giant at any time
shikishima also reveals that he is the
same who is against the government
and his companions had tried to steal
the explosives
perenne gets ready to help him after
being inspired by shikishima
aaron's companions go to the bomb place
securing themselves from titans
loading the bomb on the vehicle they
move towards the wall
but they are stopped on the way by
shikishima
his plan included that he will destroy
the second part of the area with this
bomb
and the people had to fight against
titans reluctantly due to the falling
down of the wall
and they will root out the government
after defeating titans successfully
because they are facing these
circumstances because of the government
but iran and his companions were
disagreeing with him
because innocent people could be killed
in this battle
so the quarrel is held between
shikishima and iren
killing himself shikishima transforms
into a giant
here it is also known that shikishima
had also the quality to transform into
titan
he was the same giant who had gone
taking iren
they have to take their own life in
order to turn into titan
being transformed into titan their real
body part nape handles the activities of
titan
but these giants have a shorter life
span than titans because of being
injected with a serum
the rest of the titans had come into
being because of the spread virus so
they don't die
there is violent fight between
shikishima and iren
shikishima has a heavy hand over aren
later
oren defeats shikishima with his
fighting ability
according to the plan moren is able to
explode the bomb at the upper part of
the wall
and all are shocked knowing that kubl
was alive he says
letter n come in my custody because he
did not want anyone to help humanity
but human beings should be hidden behind
the walls as being frightened
a female soldier kills kubal and fury
then it is also known here that a giant
monster was seen at the very start of
the movie
he was not other but kuble transforming
into the giant
kubal tries his best to stop their
operation then shikishima agrees to help
him
putting his life at risk he thrusts the
bomb into the mouth of cobble giant
titan
giant titan is dead due to the explosion
and that big hole is also blocked
because of the trash of that explosion
their operation had been succeeded so
they feel excitement
and mikasa and aaron's dream is
fulfilled while watching the sea and the
flying bird
and this movie ends with the fulfillment
of their dream
subscribe for watch more video turn on
notification
don't forget to like comment and share
thank you for watching